Role
Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) is assumed to be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of automated test solutions. SDET must possess a quite good experience in Java as well as modern testing tools (e.g. Selenium, TestNG, Rest Assured, etc.), he/she should be able to write and support automated testing solutions for multi-tiered applications. Proper and successful execution of this role will involve fluency in test automation frameworks, attention to detail, understanding of business processes, and unwavering dedication to software quality.


Responsibilities
Have to use programming knowledge, Java - to craft and develop automated testing solutions
Improvize all the documents and maintain tools and automation frameworks for test engineering
Should help with the required support to the test engineering teams in their automation needs
Have to provide guidance and assistance to Test Automation Engineers in Enterprise Test Engineering.
Collaboration with various stakeholders - Product Management, Application Development, DevOps, and other Technical teams in planning and coordination is a must
Expand the capabilities of the framework to support the completion of automated tests against different testing environments and also develop automated component tests to validate component behavior

Requirements
Hands-on experience in Development or Test Automation Framework implementations in Enterprise/Internet commercial software environments with a minimum of X years of Java Development/Programming or test engineering experience & in open-source tools such as Selenium, Appium, TestNG/JUnit, etc.
Experience as Java Developer/SDET/Test Automation Engineer
Experience in automation of services/API software layers (e.g. UI, services, APIs, etc.) and debugging, and optimizing of applications/ automated test scripts
Ability to programmatically test your own code
Minimum understanding of design patterns, data structures, and layered architecture with knowledge of applying those aspects in test environments
Accurate Knowledge of CI/CD technologies (e.g. Jenkins, Git, Maven, etc.)
Experienced in conducting automation testing in multiple platforms such as Mobile Web, Android, iOS, and or Backend API (REST API)
Knowledge or experience in other languages/tools - AngularJS, Protractor, Jasmine, JavaScript, JMeter, UFT/QTP, etc.

Soft Skills
Ability to solve problems with effective communication skills
Attention to detail
Critical thinking, creativity, and problem-solving

Bonus
Java Certification is a big plus requirement and knowledge or experience in AWS Cloud is highly desirable and will be given special attention

Promotion Stage
Senior SDET, SDET Manager, Test Architect